README.md: mention callbacks/shadow variables in limitations (#921)
dynup/kpatch: README.md

  supported.  kpatch-build will return an error if the patch attempts
  to do so.

- Patches which modify statically allocated data are not directly supported.
  kpatch-build will detect that and return an error.  This limitation can be

>   lifted by using callbacks or shadow variables, see patch author guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  overcome by using callbacks or shadow variables, as described in the [Patch Author Guide](doc/patch-author-guide.md).
```

Reviewer 2: :+1:  to the suggested change
